Eight-and-a-half years ago, Americans watched the people of Iran rise up to claim their birthright of freedom. In the "Green Revolution," millions of courageous young men and women filled the streets of Tehran and Tabriz, Qazvin and Karaj, and what seemed like every city and village in between. They denounced a fraudulent election, and as the days went on, they began to demand that the unelected ayatollahs end their decades of repression and release their iron-fisted grip on Iran and her people.
Those brave protesters looked to the leader of the free world for support. But as I saw first hand as a member of Congress, the president of the United States stayed silent.
In the wake of the demonstrations and the regime's brutal attempts to suppress them, President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America's solidarity with the Iranian protesters. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I recognized the lack of action for what it was: an abdication of American leadership.

The United States has long stood with those who yearn for freedom and a brighter future, and yet the president declined to stand with a proud people who sought to escape from under the heavy weight of a dictatorship, issuing only a delayed response condemning the regime's violence. At the same time, the United States was failing to confront the leading state sponsor of terrorism — a mistake that endangered the safety and security of the American people and our allies.
The last administration's refusal to act ultimately emboldened Iran's tyrannical rulers to crack down on the dissent. The Green Revolution was ruthlessly put down, and the deadly silence on the streets of Iran matched the deafening silence from the White House. To this day, many Iranians blame the United States for abandoning them in their hour of need.
Today, the Iranian people are once again rising up to demand freedom and opportunity, and under President Trump, the United States is standing with them. This time, we will not be silent.


The United States has spoken clearly and unequivocally. Unfortunately, many of our European partners, as well as the United Nations, have thus far failed to forcefully speak out on the growing crisis in Iran. It's time for them to stand up. The suppression of the Green Revolution in 2009 shows the disastrous price of silence. The president and I call on leaders of freedom-loving nations across the world to condemn Iran's unelected dictators and defend the Iranian people's unalienable right to chart their own future and determine their own destiny.
Months before the protests started in Iran, the president predicted that the days of the Iranian regime were numbered. Speaking at the United Nations in September, he said, "The good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, Iran's people are what their leaders fear the most." Much like another president who made similar predictions about the Soviet Union, the president was mocked.
These words now ring truer than ever. Where his predecessor stayed silent in 2009, Trump swiftly offered the Iranian people America's unwavering support. He has also committed to provide assistance in the days ahead.
More broadly, the president declined to certify the previous administration's nuclear deal with Iran, which flooded the regime's coffers with tens of billions of dollars in cash — money that it could use to repress its own people and support terrorism across the wider world. We have already issued new sanctions on Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, and the president is weighing additional actions to punish the regime for its belligerent behavior and assault on its own citizens.




The president has said that "oppressive regimes cannot endure forever," and our administration will continue to support the protesters in their calls for freedom and demand that Iran's leaders cease their dangerous and destabilizing actions at home and abroad.
We stand with the proud people of Iran because it is right, and because the regime in Tehran threatens the peace and security of the world. That is the essence of American leadership, and as the people of Iran now know, the United States is leading on the world stage for freedom once again.

Eight-and-a-half years ago, Americans watched the people of Iran rise up to claim their birthright of freedom. In the "Green Revolution," millions of courageous young men and women filled the streets of Tehran and Tabriz, Qazvin and Karaj, and what seemed like every city and village in between. They denounced a fraudulent election, and as the days went on, they began to demand that the unelected ayatollahs end their decades of repression and release their iron-fisted grip on Iran and her people.
Those brave protesters looked to the leader of the free world for support. But as I saw first hand as a member of Congress, the president of the United States stayed silent.
In the wake of the demonstrations and the regime's brutal attempts to suppress them, President Barack Obama repeatedly failed to express America's solidarity with the Iranian protesters. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I recognized the lack of action for what it was: an abdication of American leadership.
Last week, working families across Wisconsin filed their taxes for the last time under the old, broken system. When I visit Milwaukee Wednesday, I will deliver a simple message: Tax Day next year should be much less painful, because President Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and all of Wisconsin’s Republicans in Congress enacted the largest tax cut and tax reform in American history.

Our tax cuts are exactly what Wisconsin families need.

For the first time ever, the first $24,000 in income for a married couple is now income-tax free — nearly double what it was before. The child tax credit is twice as high, rising from $1,000 to $2,000 per child.

These reforms, combined with many others in the new law, will give the average Wisconsin family of four a tax cut of more than $2,500 every single year.

More than 90% of working families will see that tax cut reflected in their paycheck before this year is out — and many, if not most, already are.

You can also forget about the days of complicated forms. Next year, millions of Americans will be able to file their taxes on a simple, single sheet of paper — no lawyers, accountants or tax preparers necessary.

We also abolished the destructive tax at the heart of Obamacare by eliminating the individual-mandate tax. No longer will Wisconsinites be forced to buy government-mandated health insurance you don’t want and can’t afford.

Our tax cuts will benefit working families in other important ways as well. We cut taxes for job creators large and small so they can compete and win with companies anywhere in the world. Companies across the Badger State have already responded with renewed investment in their communities.

In fact, as Wisconsin families are already learning, a tax cut for business is a pay raise for workers. All told, because of our tax cuts, 28,000 Wisconsin workers have gotten a raise or a bonus in the past four months.

As more and more businesses respond to tax relief, our administration estimates that the typical Wisconsin worker will see a pay raise of more than $4,100 in the years ahead. That’s on top of the tax cuts that many are already seeing in their paychecks.

Tax cuts are working for Wisconsin, and so is the rest of our agenda. The administration has eliminated 22 federal regulations for every new one we’ve issued. Working with Wisconsin’s Republicans in Congress, the president has signed more laws slashing federal red tape than any president in history. We’ve been unleashing energy resources that power Wisconsin’s families, farms, and factories. And the president has taken decisive action to ensure that the nation’s trade agreements are free, fair and reciprocal and put American workers first.

As President Trump likes to say, that’s what we call a good start. Be assured: We’re going to keep delivering for Wisconsin. You can take that promise to the bank — and come tax day next year, you can cash it.

Will a gay writing on gay issues be identified as would the owner of the local Ford dealership if he were to write on the issue of Fords?
As we understand the nature of both the political and scientific debate, the demand is that gaydom be elevated from a pathological condition or mere sexual preference to the status of one like sever natural human divergences like hair or skin color.
Just spent a memorable Fathers Day, like so many other all American Hoosier dads, with my kids at the new Disney film entitled, “Mulan”. For those who have not yet been victimized by the McDonald’s induced hysteria over this film, Mulan is a fictional account of a delicate girl of the same name who surreptitiously takes her fathers place in the Chinese army in one of their ancient wars against the Huns. Despite her delicate features and voice, Disney expects us to believe that Mulan’s ingenuity and courage were enough to carry her to military success on an equal basis with her cloddish cohorts. Obviously, this is Walt Disney’s attempt to add childhood expectation to the cultural debate over the role of women in the military. I suspect that some mischievous liberal at Disney assumes that Mulan’s story will cause a quiet change in the next generation’s attitude about women in combat and they just might be right. (Just think about how often we think of Bambi every time the subject of deer hunting comes into the mainstream media debate.)
The only problem with this liberal hope is the reality which intrudes on the Disney ideal from the mornings headlines. From the original “Tailhook” scandal involving scores of high ranking navy fighter pilots who molested subordinate women to the latest travesty at Aberdeen Proving Grounds, the hard truth of our experiment with gender integration is that is has been an almost complete disaster for the military and for many of the individual women involved. When Indiana Congressman Steve Buyer was appointed to investigate the Aberdeen mess, he shocked the public with the revelation that young, nubile, 18 year old men and women were actually being HOUSED together during basic training. Whatever bone head came up with this idea should be run out of this man’s Army before sundown. Housing, in close quarters, young men and women (in some cases married to non-military personnel) at the height of their physical and sexual potential is the height of stupidity. It is instructive that even in the Disney film, young Ms. Mulan falls in love with her superior officer! Me thinks the politically correct Disney types completely missed the irony of this part of the story. They likely added it because it added realism with which the viewer could identify with the characters. You see, now stay with me on this, many young men find many young women to be attractive sexually. Many young women find many young men to be attractive sexually. Put them together, in close quarters, for long periods of time, and things will get interesting. Just like they eventually did for young Mulan. Moral of story: women in military, bad idea.
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act passed by the U.S. House of Representatives would be better titled The Missed Opportunities Education Act. I voted against H.R. 1 because this legislation does little to improve the quality of education for Indiana students and creates an even more bloated federal bureaucracy.

Our founding fathers enshrined in the Constitution the principle of federalism -- the notion that the federal government should involve itself only with those issues that states and localities could not resolve on their own. States and localities are closest to the needs of the people and know best how to address those needs.

In his "No Child Left Behind" proposal, President Bush sent Congress an outline of the major initiatives needed to reform America's schools. His original vision would have empowered parents with choice and would have given state and local governments the flexibility to use federal dollars to improve our schools. Unfortunately, the bill Congress passed looks nothing like the one President Bush sent us. I am disappointed and saddened that the President's proposal, which could have bettered our children's lives, was left behind in the legislative process.

Congress passed a bill that mandates federal testing and calls for a 22 percent increase in spending on the education bureaucracy next year -- double the President's original request. As it now stands, H.R. 1 will result in the largest funding increase for the Department of Education since it was created during the Carter Administration.

The House Education Committee eliminated the best proposals in the bill. Committee members replaced the "Straight A's" provision, which would have freed states from burdensome federal regulations and allowed them flexible use of federal funds, with a 900-page program that provides little relief from regulations and allows few transfers of funds.

House Democrats also eliminated school choice provisions, replacing them with hollow "public school choice." Under public school choice, failing schools must offer a choice of public -- but not private -- schools to their students. This bill denies parents of children in our poorest performing schools the right to choose private education.

In my visits to schools across the Second District of Indiana, teachers, administrators and parents have asked me to fight for real education reform. They did not send me to Washington D.C. to increase the federal government's role in their lives. They sent me to fight for innovation and reform by funneling resources, not red tape, from the federal government to our local schools. Over the past couple of weeks, three-quarters of constituents writing and calling my office have opposed H.R. 1.

In stifling the energy and innovation of the fifty states, this education bill does not allow the American people to govern themselves as our founding fathers intended. James Madison, wrote that, under the limited government he helped conceive, "the powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the Federal Government are few and defined." These powers include war making authority and foreign commerce. Powers assigned to the states, however, are "numerous and indefinite," and "extend to all the objects which... concern the lives, liberties and properties of the people, and the internal order, improvement and prosperity of the State."

Education is a top priority for our country, but it remains an issue of primary concern to the internal order, improvement and prosperity of the states. Responsibility for educating America's young people is, and should ever remain, in the hands of parents with the aid of state and local government when appropriate. If we continue to usurp the power of duly elected state and local leaders -- those most accountable to the people -- then government of the people, by the people, and for the people will not long stand.

On September 18, I held a national security briefing in Anderson, Indiana for about 400 Hoosiers. I invited George Buskirk, Assistant Adjutant General of the Indiana National Guard and John Clark, an expert on terrorism from the Indianapolis-based Hudson Institute to brief Hoosiers on our plans to combat terrorism on the home front. I also shared my experiences from September 11 on Capitol Hill and answered questions about the Congressional response to terrorism.

Since that first briefing, I have held numerous town halls in Eastern Indiana, including several meetings with citizens on homeland defense and the war in Afghanistan. I have also had discussions with local doctors and emergency management officials on bioterrorism and I joined postal officials in discussing safety issues in the wake of recent anthrax scares.

I was tapped to be the only Member of Congress to attend the first Conference on the Threat of International Terrorism in Berlin on September 28. While at the conference, I met with Ambassador Dan Coats and focused on rallying America's allies to build an international coalition to fight terrorism.

I joined Prince Hassan of Jordan and Nobel Laureate David Trimble of Northern Ireland in leading a panel on the international response to terrorism. I also laid out the current state of opinion in Congress and urged our allies in the international community to stand with us in our fight.

The day after the September 11 attacks, I called for a declaration of war on terrorists and those nations that harbor them. Other Members of Congress quickly joined the call, culminating in passage of a resolution authorizing the use of force by the president to bring the terrorists to justice.
Recognizing the urgent need for leadership in key Congressional committees during this time of national crisis, House Leaders asked me to join the influential Judiciary Committee. As a Member of the Committee, I was called upon to help draft and pass new and stricter anti-terrorism laws.

Additionally, Congress has passed...

$40 billion in disaster relief to help New York and Washington, DC recover from the attacks.

An airport security bill setting federal standards for hiring security screeners, baggage handlers, and other airport workers and strengthening airport security measures.

Tax relief for victims and their families amounting to a 50 percent reduction in estate taxes and federal income tax exemption for one year.

A fundamental axiom of Western Civilization is the belief in the sanctity of human life. The 107th Congress must be about the business of reasserting this crucial principle of our society.

The unborn child has a fundamental right to life which cannot be infringed. Roe vs.. Wade was legally poorly conceived and morally wrong and should be overturned.

In support of this cause, Congress should enact a human life amendment to the Constitution of the United States and endorse legislation that makes clear that the 14th Amendment's protections apply to unborn children. BR>
Congress should oppose using public revenues to fund abortions and continue to implement the strictures of the Hyde Amendment and it's legislative progeny.

Federal funds should not be granted to domestic or international organizations which promote abortion as a method of birth control.

Judges who are appointed by the Executive branch should respect traditional family values and the sanctity of human life.

Congress should support and promote the interests of organizations which provide support and resources to women with crisis pregnancies. Adoption reform, including the enactment of an adoption tax credit and legislative efforts to remove racial barriers to adoption, should be explored.

Legislation should be passed to ban partial birth abortion for the United States.

Lastly, Congress should support efforts to require parental notification and parental consent prior to performance of an abortion on a minor.


It is easy to understand how well-meaning Americans might be willing to pursue the promise of embryonic stem cell research, despite the deep moral and ethical questions associated with destroying nascent human life. The potential to cure spinal cord injuries, Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, and other neurological disorders is a powerful temptation to disregard the ethical barriers which have always stood in the way of research that requires the destruction of human life. I can personally relate to the desires of those who seek to cure neurological disorders through stem cell research.

As a close friend of the family of Emily Hunt, who at age four suffered a debilitating spinal cord injury at an Indiana amusement park, I have joined many Hoosiers and her family, in praying that one day, breakthrough medical treatments will allow Emily to rise from her wheelchair and walk beside her twin sister, Nikki. That is why I support ethical adult stem cell research.

Research on adult and placental stem cells provides great medical promise without raising the ethical dilemma of embryonic stem cell research. Not only does embryonic research require scientists to sacrifice one life to improve the life of another, but it is also important to note that science has made no breakthroughs to date using human embryonic stem cells. All of the medical advances in stem cell research have resulted from adult, not embryonic experimentation, so I strongly support President Bush’s call for increased funding for adult and placental stem cell research.

Despite the great scientific promise of stem cells, I am pleased with the President's refusal to use taxpayer dollars to fund research that would destroy human embryos. President Bush has articulated an important bright-line standard that protects human life while allowing limited research on adult stem cells and cells from embryos that have already been destroyed. I believe the President kept his promise to “oppose federal funding for stem cell research that involved destroying living human embryos.” At its core, his address to the American people last week revealed a continuing commitment to his belief in the fundamental value and sanctity of human life.

However, I believe the President made the wrong decision in allowing continued funding of research that began with the destruction of nascent human life. In permitting research on stem cell lines derived from previously destroyed embryos, the President has merely postponed a serious moral dilemma that we will assuredly face again in the near future.

Supporters of this research will not be content with experimenting on existing embryonic stem cells if their research proves promising. If scientists develop a cure for cancer or diabetes using these cell lines, they will surely call for expanded research requiring the destruction of human embryos. In the coming years, we will again be faced with the same decision the President faced this past week. When that time comes, I fear that a compromise like the one President Bush has offered will no longer be possible.

For the President, this decision was a pragmatic one. It satisfied supporters of stem cell research with limited funding, and it pleased opponents with a ban on further destruction of human embryos. I also truly believe President Bush searched his heart in arriving at this conclusion. In his statement, the President revealed that he had wrestled with his conscience and with God over his decision.

I only pray that when some future leader of the free world inevitably comes to the same crossroads on this issue he, too, realizes the eternal moral consequences of his choice. When that day comes, may he and we choose life, that we and our offspring may live.

Not long ago, news anchor Tom Brokaw wrote a book about this generation of seniors called The Greatest Generation. This country owes a great debt to the generation that weathered the Great Depression and fought for freedom in World War II. It's time we made good on our debt to America's seniors by modernizing our healthcare system and strengthening Social Security.

Americans must come to realize that Social Security faces serious financial problems in the not to distant future. At present, there are four workers supporting every one beneficiary on Social Security. By the year 2020,that ratio will dwindle to two workers for every one beneficiary. Americans will either have to endure enormous payroll tax increases or support systemic reform.

Congress should move immediately to reform and save Social Security.

Congress must expressly reject any effort to raid the Social Security surplus or trust fund to finance new government programs. Congress should inform the American people that the average return on dollars invested in Social Security through payroll taxes amounts to 2.13 percent over the lifetime of the worker. By permitting workers to invest even a small part of payroll taxes, workers could anticipate a possible return of 12 percent.

Congress should enact legislation which would permit workers to divert two percent of wages from the worker's Social Security retirement taxes to a new individual retirement savings account.

Congress should support educational programs designed to prepare workers to manage their own personal retirement accounts.

Is it possible that Americans are going, in record numbers, to see Mr. Cameron's epic because it touches something deep in our hearts? Deeper than our concern for a historic tragedy? Deeper than our affinity for a good romance? To the place where we know the truth when we see it?
Just as the Royal Mail Steamship Titanic left Southhampton, England on her maiden voyage with deckloads of proud and waving passengers, do we not see ourselves, steaming away from the safe harbor of our best moral and religious traditions? Do we not see ourselves full of the same unfounded confidence in our own ability to steer our own course without regard for those antiquated restraints?
We stand on the decks of our own modern sophistication and wave goodbye to the old fashioned virtues of faith in God, marital fidelity and the sanctity of life, even though our very prosperity was built upon them. Like the passengers of the Titanic who gave no thought to the strength of the Irishmen who built their vessel at the Harland & Wolf shipyards in Belfast, so do we give no thought to the virtues of those who built our ship of state. And we, like they, do so at our peril.
We love this movie because we still love truth. The truth of 1912 and the truth about our own time. There are icebergs ahead and we know it.

In the aftermath of the 1990 election cycle, witness to one of the most divisive and negative campaigns in Indiana's modern congressional history, the words of Saint Paul seem to provide an appropriate starting point for the confessions of a negative campaigner. Negative campaigning, I now know, is wrong. That is not to say that a negative campaign is an ineffective alternative in a tough political race. Pollsters will attest- with great conviction- that it is the negatives that move voters. And the mantra of the modern political campaign is "drive up the negatives".
That is the advice political pros give to Republican and Democratic candidates alike, even though negative ads sell better for Democrats (my admittedly biased explaination is that Republican voters disregard a Democrat's negative ads as 'predictable' while expecting a Republican to be 'above that sort of thing').
But none of that explains my conversion. It would be ludicrous for a conservative to argue that negative campaigning is wrong merely because it is unfair, or because it works better for one side than another, or because it breaks some tactical rule.
It is a wrongness not of rule violated but of opportunity lost. It is wrong, quite simply, to squander a candidate's priceless moment in history, a moment in which he or she could have brought critical issues before the citizenry, on partisan bickering.
And this wrongness is not limited to the personal but extends to the general. Yes, it was personally wrong for me to waste my moment and limited campaign dollars talking about how an opponent might or might not have profited from the sale of his family farm. But in defeat, as unaddressed issue piles upon unaddressed issue, it seems more grievous that I left my supporters so few clues as to how I would have governed differently.

It is clear to me now that campaigns ought to be about three simple propositions:
First, a campaign ought to demonstrate the basic human decency of the candidate. That means your First Amendment rights end at the tip of your opponent's nose- even in matters of political rhetoric.
Second, a campaign ought to be about the advancement of issues whose success or failure is more significant than that of the candidate. Whether on the Left or the Right, candidates ought to seek to leave a legacy- a foundation of arguments- in favor of policies upon which their successors can build. William F. Buckley carries with him a useful malapropism, "Don't just do something", it says, "stand there".
Third, and very much last, campaigns should be about winning. I consider it more than a literal correction to note that Vince Lombardi's exact words were, "winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is." A fellow member of my Failed Politician's Club put it in political context. "Our only mistake, " he said, "was that we thought that winning was the most important thing we could do."
Negative campaigning is born of that trap. But I predict that one day soon a breed of candidate will step forward , faces as fresh as the morning and hearts as brave as the dawn. This breed will turn away from running "to win" and toward running "to stand". And it's representatives will see the inside of as many offices as their party can nominate them to fill."

It has been rightly observed that we are a government of laws and not of men, and, I would add, neither are we are government of the opinions of men and women. To follow the debate over the fate of the Clinton Administration, in the wake of the Presidents admission to having become sexually involved with a college student working at the White House, is to witness a national press corps unfamiliar with the aforementioned edict. With the intense media attention paid to the president's approval ratings before and after his half confession/half excuse speech, a passive observer might conclude that we live in a pure democracy, the likes of which was sought in the French Revolution. In such a realm, the Supreme Law of the Land is the Vox Populi, literally 'the voice of the people'. There is no law apart from what the people recognize to be the law at any given time. This was best illustrated to me recently by a security guard who approached as I read a front page story about the President and the polls and sarcastically asked, 'what is the law today?'.
News flash to the major media networks: we live in a constitutional republic. We are governed by written constitution which defines, among other things, the rights, privileges and responsibilities of high office with great clarity. Under Article II, Section 1 the executive power of the United States of America is vested in the President. In the oath of office proscribed, a president commits to faithfully execute the office and preserve, protect and defend the Constitution.
While the office brings with it the duties that attend the administration of the government, as President Herbert C. Hoover wrote, "The Presidency is more than executive responsibility. It is the inspiring supreme symbol of all that is highest in our American ideals." When a president fails to fulfill his oath of office, as is the case where the law is broken in a big way or a small way (another way of saying high crimes or misdemeanors), the Constitution provides for a mechanism whereby the legislative branch might impeach him.
This may seem drastic to the average American. It is. Our founders intended it to be so because they intended the President of the United States to be the center of the government of the United States. Other constructs were considered, including the appointment of a prime minister-like president by the legislative branch, but all were rejected in favor of a strong and elected President. Alexander Hamilton defended this concept in 'The Federalist' writing, "the Executive is a leading characteristic in the definition of good government... it is essential to the steady administration of the law." Hamilton also cautioned against long suffering where a President failed to meet this high standard, writing, "a feeble Executive implies a feeble execution of government. A feeble Executive is but another name for a bad executive; and a government ill-executed... must be proclaimed a bad government."
Against this recitation of the Supreme Law of the Land, only one sad conclusion attaches; President Bill Clinton must resign or be removed from the office of President of the United States.

Despite his absurd assertions to the contrary, President Clinton's admission to a sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky stands in diametric opposition to his sworn testimony in the Jones vs. Clinton case. The President's responsibility to faithfully execute the laws of the land begins in his own administration. The President committed perjury. Perjury is a crime. President's who commit crimes should resign or be impeached.
Further, the Presidents repeated lies to the American people in this matter compound the case against him as they demonstrate his failure to protect the institution of the presidency as the 'inspiring supreme symbol of all that is highest in our American ideals'. Leaders affect the lives of families far beyond their own 'private life'. In the Bible story of Esther we are told of a king who was charged to put right his own household because there would be "no end of disrespect and discord" among the families of the kingdom if he failed to do so. In a day when reckless extramarital sexual activity is manifesting itself in our staggering rates of illegitimacy and divorce, now more than ever, America needs to be able to look to her First Family as role models of all that we have been and can be again.
The challenge for the Republican Congress lies in the fact that the polls may be right. The American people may deeply wish to move on and put this unpleasantness behind us. Regrettably, the Constitution does not permit such a national denial. If the President does not resign, the Republican Congress must impeach him even if it costs them their majority because the laws of this republic charge them with the duty to so act. Absent an uncharacteristic act of selflessness by the President, it is left to the Republicans to live up to their label and defend the laws and institutions of this Republic. If our leaders flinch at this responsibility, they would do well to heed the Proverb "if a ruler listens to lies, all his officials become wicked". Our leaders must either act to restore the luster and dignity of the institution of the Presidency or we can be certain that this is only the beginning of an even more difficult time for our land. For the nation to move on, the President must move out.





On occasion I am asked how I, an active conservative commentator in radio, television and print, am "able to keep such a positive attitude" amidst persistent and significant set backs in the arena of public policy. The recent elections are a good argument for defeatism if there ever was one.
Here we have perhaps the most disgraced President in the modern era, a man of unbridled passions, unfamiliar with the concept of shame, and the Republicans actually find a way to lose seats in Congress. Now this was no small feat. Recall that off-year elections, namely elections during non-presidential election years, have been bad on the party of the President since, oh, about the last 75 years. The GOP managed to take an election whose backdrop was an adulterous leader who had lied, in finger-wagging fashion, to the American people for seven months and lose it.
Now, to add insult to injury, the paciderm party is beginning to eat it's young. The blame-ocracy has concluded that social conservatives, read that pro-life, pro-family voters, were the cause of the party's troubles. The antidote, we are told, is to relegate this portion of the GOP base to the back bench and hope that they vote in 2000 anyway. The idea that the Party of Lincoln would do well to abandon it's core moral issue in favor of some ideologically neutered message of 'efficient operation of government' is ridiculous. It brings to mind the adage of that great Republican President Calvin Coolidge who said, "not all Republicans are stupid people but all stupid people are Republicans." The idea that relegating 40% of the GOP vote to second class status is a prescription for victory had to have been concocted in the twisted mind of some overpaid political consultant.

The real answer is for Republicans to get serious about being Republicans. The term itself can be defined as 'those who endorse and promote the form of government outlined in the Constitution of the United States of America', namely a republic. Republicans believe in certain unalienable rights including the Right to Life, the Right to Liberty and the Right to own Property without undue government tariff or interference. Republicans believe in a limited federal government that relies upon an infrastructure of several states whose governments can see to the business of domestic tranquility, public education and the general welfare in ways that the federal government can only screw up. Republicans understand that our form of government, with it's attendant freedoms, is a threat to the vitality of every despot in the world and must be vigorously defended with an intimidating arsenal for war.
The reason I am optimistic is, apart from God's sustaining grace, quite simple. Republicans, from George Washington to George W. Bush just have better ideas. They are distinctly American ideas for the conduct of government. Eventually, Republicans will return to the promotion of those great ideas and they will be rewarded with the majorities that continue to attend them.

Global warming is a myth. The global warming treaty is a disaster. There, I said it.
Just like the "new ice age" scare of the 1970's, the environmental movement has found a new chant for their latest 'chicken little' attempt to raise taxes and grow centralized governmental power. The chant is 'the sky is warming! the sky is warming!'. The only problem is that many Americans, including Vice President Al Gore, didn't learn of their deceit the last time around and are buying this new bit hook, line and sinker.
Here's the deal. Environmentalists claim that certain 'greenhouse gases' like carbon dioxide are mucking up the atmosphere and causing the earth to gradually warm. Despite the fact that CO2 is a naturally occurring phenomenon in nature, the greenpeace folks want to blame it all on coal (another natural mineral) and certain (evil) coal burning power plants. The theory is; get rid of the (evil) coal burning plants and we save the planet from imminent doom.
Several problems arise when one considers the issue of global warming.
First, the earth is actually cooler today than it was about 50 years ago. In fact, most climatologists agree that, at best, global warming is a theory about future climactic conditions and cannot be proven based upon the historic record.
Second, the greenhouse gases alluded to are real but are mostly the result of volcanoes, hurricanes and underwater geologic displacements. Regrettably, none of these causes can be corralled by environmentalists hungry for regulation and taxes and, therefore, must be ignored.

Third, even if there was global warming (there isn't), the Global Climate Treaty brokered by Vice President Al Gore in Kyoto, Japan last year is hardly the answer. The treaty calls for industrialized nations (us and Europe) to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases to pre-1990 levels while asking developing nations to do nothing. China and Indonesia (population 2.2 Billion) have said the would never enter into the restrictions in the treaty but think it's a really good idea if we do. The stupidity and blatant unfairness of this treaty requires no additional comment.
Finally, the global warming treaty will cost between 12,000 and 100,000 jobs in Indiana alone! You see, we mine alot of coal south of Highway 40 and you can kiss those jobs goodbye. Beyond that, expect your utility rate to go up about 50% causing layoffs and hardship for working families. Maybe that's why the United Mine Workers and the Indiana Manufacturers Association have banded together (for once) to fight this absurd government grab.
I know Monica Lewinsky seems like the most important issue in America but, call me crazy, I think the quiet expansion of the liberal environmentalist agenda by Al Gore and Clinton White House that will cost thousands of jobs could be more important. Say no to the global warming treaty.
